the task that I learned? Uh, well, it varies depending on what type of
summer I'm having. If it's kind of an enjoyable summer in Japan, then
almost zero, I get home and I get changed. Then I go out, drink some
sake, eating yakitori, you know, experienced life with friends in
a place that I'm then I'm at like like now I'm in Monterey and I don't
really have that many friends, so that gives me a lot of opportunity
for free time. I spend my time watching YouTube videos about getting
certificates for my degree. I find myself like reading textbooks,
so I'd say maybe a third of my time is spent doing extra material,
not just wasting time, not just hanging out. Eso it depends on on
where you are and and what you're doing. Otherwise, I wish I would
have spent a lot more time developing my career when I was in Japan.
In Japan, I just had my normal job, and then the time hits And then
I come home and I kind of waste time. So I wish I would have spent
that time. Um, maybe a third of my free time, uh, progressing my career,
but it depends on how you feel and just make sure that you do
have some years where you really involved in progress in your career.